DOC-4692 - rename page (#41)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/running-replications.adoc

> = SG Replicate

Author: ```suggestion
= Inter-cluster Replication
```

> Sync Gateway has the ability to run active one way replications between two Sync Gateway databases.

Author: ```suggestion
We support the ability to run replications between two Sync Gateway clusters.
SG-Replicate is the protocol that supports that replication.
```
